Pytorch example for Federated Variational Encoder using Flower Framework (#752)
adap/flower: examples/pytorch_federated_variational_autoencoder/README.md

# Flower Example for Federated Variational Autoencoder using Pytorch

This example demonstrates how a variational autoencoder (VAE) can be trained in a federated way using the Flower framework.

## Project Setup

Start by cloning the example project. We prepared a single-line command that you can copy into your shell which will checkout the example for you:

```shell

> git clone --depth=1 https://github.com/adap/flower.git && mv flower/examples/pytorch_from_centralized_to_federated . && rm -rf flower && cd pytorch_from_centralized_to_federated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
git clone --depth=1 https://github.com/adap/flower.git && mv flower/examples/pytorch_federated_variational_autoencoder . && rm -rf flower && cd pytorch_federated_variational_autoencoder
```

```

> This will create a new directory called `pytorch_from_centralized_to_federated` containing the following files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will create a new directory called `pytorch_federated_variational_autoencoder` containing the following files:
```
